# nlp-sample

This repo contains sample of code of one of my projects. This project is devoted to find an sentiment analysis model for Arabic tweets and operate it in a streaming processing system. In order to obtain the greatest possible accuracy, I designed the work to study most of the parameters affecting the Arabic tweets classification model in an empirical approach. I have chosen three annotated datasets and created a fourth one by merging these three datasets together, then I have chosen five Arabic language stemmers and eight classification algorithms of machine learning, all possible combinations of those three factors are tested. As a result, 160 classification models have been built, the resulted accuracy has exceeded 93\% in various models, the best model of which was the one that resulted from the combination of the dataset I have merged from the rest, the Improved ISRI stemmer and the Linear SVM algorithm.

In this project, I have built a system that captures the tweets in near real timer, then the sentiment polarity is calculated for each tweet by our most accurate classifier, the tweets are stored with their sentiment labels in an scalable and fault tolerant storage system which is Elasticsearch. Dashboard has been built using Kibana to get an interactive data visualization interface. The system has been tested for five days on real stream of tweets. It is has been stable because it has processed all the acquiesced tweets without interruptions or slowdowns. About 200,000 resulted tweets are processed and stored during five days. The tweets of the top three hashtags are visualized, two of the hashtags have about 95\% positive polarity, the other has about 70\% negative polarity.
